In the near future, sustainable food
systems cater individual wellbeing.
Plant and cellular agriculture
based food innovations –
will reduce animal protein consumption
which in turn helps tackle climate change.
We further believe that by 2035,
agile food systems that enable –
personalised food manufacturing and eating
services are a natural part of our society.
That is why we support our partners in
discovering new food and beverage solutions –
to promote prosperity
for people and businesses.
We have the infrastructure and knowhow
especially in cereal technology –
and biotechnology to renew
and improve food processes, –
for example by enabling the use
of side-streams as food materials.
Our labs and pilot-scale processing
and analytical facilities are complemented –
with our expertise in raw materials,
end-product design and consumer insight.
For promoting wellbeing via eating,
we explore innovative solutions, –
for example by developing new personalised
on-the-go food concepts and machinery.
Let's create the new era
of food systems, together.